hey fit like youtube welcome back to
another episode of the block peril
okay so lighting and in regards to layin
I know what I would like I know why I
want but unfortunately what I were
liking why I want are my budget just now
I really really just can't afford to get
a line someone the lights that I would
like to get it would be a meter the
vertex or Ecotec radians either
Gentoo or pros not really fast and quite
like the AI optimized I think is quite
fancy name as well but unfortunately in
they've all got one thing in common and
they all cost a bloody bomb and I'm just
gonna justify spending all that money on
on the lighting just name him
I've spent a small fortune on this tanka
says and they have no even got bloody
water in it so hey I've cleaned up a
like calm do you know you better on this
painting front notionally like the wife
spraying some money for a change stead
let me spend another time so for like
and I'm just gonna have to carry on
using before I used on my old tongue
cannot smile Arkadia CDs for triple 150
what halite unit it's worked fine for
five years and it's a really good unit
for us can't I've never had any problems
where I've managed to grow SPS in LPS
event of monastic work and no problems
at all and obviously just knew I need to
change out the bulbs because these
Pope's are totally hard and the bulbs
are we using movie BLV for in thousand
keys and in my opinion like the best
rx-7 bombs you can get
I am really really good pretty much
bulletproof and the last of fuel 12
months you never ever get any can boo in
the early or didn't know st. said I'm
losing color and stuff so yeah well
definitely be getting them again and to
e what T fives
we'll just puree a couple of technics in
there and but yes it's quietly she a
light unit and it's it's not too bad and
it lights it on quite nicely so that's
what I'll be using for my weights just
knew I am until maybe maybe six eight
months standard or don't be upgrade but
for just new yeah that's what it's gonna
be late in the Black Pearl
okay well that's Molly in for it right
till next day thanks for watching bye
bye